So I have corresponding solutions to all of the files in this source file.
In fact, in source_solution,
I have a complete model.py file.
This is just one solution for a neural network made of linear layers.
So as an example,
I've defined a two layer linear network.
My first linear layer,
which I've called fc1 for fully connected one,
accepts a number of inputs and produces a number of hidden dim notes,
then my second layer accepts this as input and produces a specified number of outputs.
In addition to these two linear layers,
I've also specified a dropout layer with a probability of 0.3,
and this will help prevent domination by just a few nodes in the network,
and I've also defined a sigmoid layer,
which I'll be able to apply to the output of
my network to get a class score between zero and one.
So in init is where I'm defining all these layers,
and then in forward,
I'm specifying how an input x will actually move through them.
I'm basically passing my input x which is
a batch of input features through my layers in sequence.
First, I'm passing it through my first fully connected layer,
and I'm applying a relu activation function.
Then in between my two linear layers,
I'm applying my dropout layer.
Finally, after a transformed output has moved through our final fully-connected layer,
I'm applying my sigmoid activation function to return a final class score.
Now, you might be wondering where is a model like this,
SimpleNet, going to be used.
Well, if I look at just the start of this train.py file,
I can see that I'm importing the model for use right here.
Train.py is where I'm going to instantiate this model and train it.
So next, I'll talk about the details in
this training script and the steps you'll need to take to complete it.